The giant triton snail (Charonia tritonis) is one of the few natural predators of the adult Crown-of-Thorns starfish (COTS), a corallivore that has been damaging to many reefs in the Indo-Pacific. Charonia species have large salivary glands (SGs) that are suspected to produce either a venom and/or sulphuric acid which can immobilize their prey and neutralize the intrinsic toxic properties of COTS. To date, there is little information on the types of toxins produced by tritons. In this paper, the predatory behaviour of the C. tritonis is described. Then, the C. tritonis SG, which itself is made up of an anterior lobe (AL) and posterior lobe (PL), was analyzed using an integrated transcriptomics and proteomics approach, to identify putative toxin-and feeding-related proteins. A de novo transcriptome database and in silico protein analysis predicts that ~3800 proteins have features consistent with being secreted. A gland-specific proteomics analysis confirmed the presence of numerous SG-AL and SG-PL proteins, including those with similarity to cysteine-rich venom proteins. Sulfuric acid biosynthesis enzymes were identified, specific to the SG-PL. Our analysis of the C. tritonis SG (AL and PL) has provided a deeper insight into the biomolecular toolkit used for predation and feeding by C. tritonis.If a generalist predator evolves to a more a specialist diet, it is assumed that it would be accompanied by modifications of characters that permit greater efficiency in capturing specific prey species. These likely include foraging behaviors and search strategies with fine-tuned chemosensory systems, physiological processes associated with digestion and waste removal, and other features involved with prey capture 1 . Among predatory taxa the evolution of a specialized diet is likely to be strongly linked to the evolution of venoms used to subdue prey. Although the evolution of many of these characters may be difficult to trace for a species that has evolved a restricted diet, the evolution of venoms can be inferred from analyses of expression of genes encoding venom and digestion components 2, 3 .Marine organisms from a broad range of phyla, from bacteria and algae to invertebrates and vertebrates, are known to produce toxins with high chemical diversity, divergence of which is likely driven by speciation and diet 4-6 . Some examples include tetrodotoxins produced by bacteria found in the saliva of the blue-ringed octopus and puffer fish 7, 8 , potent pore-forming toxins produced by cnidarians 9 , okadaic acid produced by bacteria in marine sponges 10 , and saponins (steroidal and triterpenoid) that are produced by echinoderms 11 . Venoms, and in particular specific toxins, play multiple roles from foraging to defense and intraspecific conflict 12 . Although there are many species of predatory marine snails, studies of venom toxins have been restricted to species within the superfamily Conoidea 13 . These venomous marine cone snails synthesize a remarkable diversity of pharmacologically active small peptides (conotoxins) to enable prey capture, self-defense and intra-specific competition 14-16 . The potency and selective profiles of the conotoxins vary depending on species targets that may include various subtypes of voltage-and ligand-gated ion channels, G protein-coupled receptors and neurotransmitter transporters 17 .Gastropods of the superfamily Tonnoidea are effective predators and thought to capture prey through envenomation 18 . Within the Tonnoidea, several species in the Cassidae family of snails are specialist predators of echinoderms. The large paired and mono-lobed salivary gland (SG) of Cassidae family snails are known to be toxic and inject a strong acid or venomous saliva into their prey to paralyse them before consumption [19] [20] [21] . For example, Cassidae helmet shell snails secrete an acidic saliva to soften the body wall of their preferred prey, sea urchin 22, 23 , Published: xx xx xxxx OPEN www.nature.com/scientificreports/ 2 Scientific RepoRts | 7: 6000 |

Background: Healthcare-associated infections (HAIs) are a global public health problem. For the fulfillment of Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030, the promotion of preventive care medicine through HAI management is a crucial issue. This study explores the perspectives of Saudi tertiary healthcare workers (HCWs) on HAIs and infection control measures. Methods: Quantitative data were assessed to determine HCWs' knowledge of HAI and their attitudes towards and practice of infection control measures. Semi-structured interviews were used to collect qualitative data from 40 doctors and nurses. The interviews were audio-recorded and transcribed verbatim. Further, routine sterile procedures in the wards and intensive care units were video recorded, and the footage was discussed by the infection control team and the personnel involved in the videos. This discussion was videographed and transcribed. Both interview data and reflective discussion of the video were analysed using thematic analysis. The quantitative data were analysed using the Kruskal-Wallis test and logistic regression analysis.

Feline infectious peritonitis is a multisystemic disease of domestic and exotic cats caused by a coronavirus. An outbreak of feline infectious peritonitis was investigated in a closed colony of European wildcats (Fells silvestris) at a zoological garden. Over a six-year period, a putative fading kitten syndrome occurred in six of 11 litters born and severe lesions of infectious peritonitis occurred in five of the eight wildcats retained in the colony during this period. Lesions were more acute in the early stages of the outbreak and included perivascular pyogranulomatons inflammation with exudative serositis. Lesions occurred only in males. Vascular lesions were common in the liver of all affected wildcats, serositis occurred in the abdominal and thoracic cavities in most cases and meningeal lesions were present in two cases. Immunohistochemistry with specific antisera detected viral antigen within macrophages in all lesions. This outbreak demonstrates that the lesions of feline infectious peritonitis can become modified over time and that the virus can persist in a closed colony, possibly via carrier wildcats.

Background: Porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED) has increased in severity in China since 2010. To investigate further the infectivity, genetic diversity and molecular epidemiology of its causative agent, the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), we assessed 129 clinical samples, which were the intestinal tissue of piglets with severe diarrhea, from 17 cities in central China. Both the spike (S) glycoprotein (S1, 1-789 amino acids (aa)) and the full-length ORF3 gene of 21 representative field strains from 21 farms in 11 cities were sequenced and analysed. Methods: PEDV was detected by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), and S1 and ORF3 sequences were processed by the Clustal W method via DNAMAN 8 software, and phylogenetic trees were constructed by the neighbor-joining method using MEGA 6 software. Results: The prevalence of PEDV was 92.25% and was detected in 119 of 129 samples, with 94.03% (63 of 67) of pig farms harbouring the disease. According to the phylogenetic analysis of the S1 genes, our isolates all fell into group G2 (variants) and showed a close relationship to isolates from Chinese (HN1303, CH/ZMDZY/11 and AJ1102), Korean (AD01), American (MN, IA1, IA2 and 13-019349) sources, and these isolates differed genetically from other Chinese (LZC, CH/HNZZ/2011 and SD-M) and Korean (SM98) strains as well Japanese (83-P5 and MK) strains. In addition, our isolates differed from attenuated vaccine strains, CV777 (used in China) and DR13 (used in Korea). According to our derived amino acid sequence analysis, we detected one novel variant PEDV, viz: CH/HNLY, with 4-aa insertion/deletion (RSSS/T) at position 375 and 1-aa (D) deletion at position 430 compared to the CV777 attenuated strain. These mutations were located on the receptor binding domain. Our ORF3 gene analyses showed that the prevalent PEDV isolates were variants, and the isolated strains differed genetically from the vaccine strains. Conclusions: These findings illustrated the existence of genetic diversity among geographically distinct PEDV strains, and our study has provided an impetus to conduct further research on the PEDV receptor binding protein and on the new and efficacious vaccines design.

China Lessons s u m m a r y More than 2 years after the start of pandemic H1N1, the world is fortunate that the impact, to date, has been moderate. An evaluation of the global response to the first wave of the pandemic is still ongoing. The results of an analysis of the situation in China is presented in order to gain a better understanding of the episode; to summarize the experiences in preparedness, control and mitigation of the pandemic; and to identify issues for further consideration and investigation in order to improve the response to possible next waves of the pandemic. China's response shows how a huge challenge can be transformed into an opportunity, and may offer some valuable lessons to face another wave of the pandemic or other potential public health emergencies in the future, not only for China but also for the international community.

Case summary A 2-year-old male domestic shorthair cat presented to the University of Liverpool Small Animal Teaching Hospital with a 2 week history of altered mentation, blindness and focal epileptic seizures. MRI examination revealed generalised cerebral and cerebellar atrophy, diffuse T2-weighted hyperintensity of the white matter and meningeal thickening. Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis was confirmed on post-mortem examination. Relevance and novel information This is the first report of the MRI findings of neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis in a cat.

A stochastic susceptible-infectious-recovered epidemic model with temporary immunity and media coverage is proposed. The effects of Lévy jumps on the dynamics of the model are considered. A unique global positive solution for the epidemic model is obtained. Sufficient conditions are derived to guarantee that the epidemic disease is extinct and persistent in the mean. The threshold behavior is discussed. Numerical simulations are given to verify our theoretical results.

Bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG) is an attenuated strain of Mycobacterium bovis currently used as a vaccine against tuberculosis. Global distribution and propagation of BCG has contributed to the in vitro evolution of the vaccine strain and is thought to partially account for the different outcomes of BCG vaccine trials. Previous efforts by several molecular techniques effectively identified large sequence polymorphisms among BCG daughter strains, but lacked the resolution to identify smaller changes. In this study, we have used a NimbleGen tiling array for whole genome comparison of 13 BCG strains. Using this approach, in tandem with DNA resequencing, we have identified six novel large sequence polymorphisms including four deletions and two duplications in specific BCG strains. Moreover, we have uncovered various polymorphisms in the phoP-phoR locus. Importantly, these polymorphisms affect genes encoding established virulence factors including cell wall complex lipids, ESX secretion systems, and the PhoP-PhoR two-component system. Our study demonstrates that major virulence factors are different among BCG strains, which provide molecular mechanisms for important vaccine phenotypes including adverse effect profile, tuberculin reactivity and protective efficacy. These findings have important implications for the development of a new generation of vaccines.

Background: Molecular polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based assays are increasingly used to diagnose viral respiratory infections and conduct epidemiology studies. Molecular assays have generally been evaluated by comparing them to conventional direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) or viral culture techniques, with few published direct comparisons between molecular methods or between institutions. We sought to perform a real-world comparison of two molecular respiratory viral diagnostic methods between two experienced respiratory virus research laboratories. Methods: We tested nasal and throat swab specimens obtained from 225 infants with respiratory illness for 11 common respiratory viruses using both a multiplex assay (Respiratory MultiCode-PLx Assay [RMA]) and individual real-time RT-PCR (RT-rtPCR).Results: Both assays detected viruses in more than 70% of specimens, but there was discordance. The RMA assay detected significantly more human metapneumovirus (HMPV) and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), while RT-rtPCR detected significantly more influenza A. We speculated that primer differences accounted for these discrepancies and redesigned the primers and probes for influenza A in the RMA assay, and for HMPV and RSV in the RT-rtPCR assay. The tests were then repeated and again compared. The new primers led to improved detection of HMPV and RSV by RT-rtPCR assay, but the RMA assay remained similar in terms of influenza detection.Given the absence of a gold standard, clinical and research laboratories should regularly correlate the results of molecular assays with other PCR based assays, other laboratories, and with standard virologic methods to ensure consistency and accuracy.

Vector-borne diseases (VBDs) account for more than 17% of all infectious diseases, causing more than 700,000 annual deaths. Lack of a robust infrastructure for timely collection, reporting, and analysis of epidemic data undermines necessary preparedness and thus posing serious health challenges to the general public. By developing a simulation framework that models population dynamics and the interactions of both humans and mosquitoes, we may enable epidemiologists to analyze and forecast the transmission and spread of an infectious disease in specific areas. We extend the traditional SEIR (Susceptible, Exposed, Infectious, Recovered) mathematical model and propose an Agent-based model to analyze the interactions between the host and the vector using: (i) our proposed algorithm to compute vector density, based on the reproductive behavior of the vector; and (ii) agent interactions to simulate transmission of virus in a spatio-temporal environment, and forecast the spread of the disease in a given area over a period of time. Our simulation results identify several expected dengue cases and their direction of spread, which can help in detecting epidemic outbreaks. Our proposed framework provides visualization and forecasting capabilities to study the epidemiology of a certain region and aid public health departments in emergency preparedness.

Aeschynomene fluminensis Veil., originally obtained from flooded areas of the Pantanal Matogrossense region of Brazil, was grown under stem-flooded or non-flooded conditions for 70 d after inoculation with isolates of photosynthetic stem nodule rhizobia obtained from native A. fluminensis. Stem nodules formed only on submerged stems of flooded plants (mean of 25 per plant), and did not form on aerial parts, although they were capable of growing and fixing N^ after drainage of the stems. Root nodules formed on both non-flooded and flooded plants but were usually decreased in number by flooding (from means of 124 to 51 per plant, respectively). Flooding (and stem-nodulation) resulted in an increase in shoot (and a decrease in root) dry weight, regardless of rhizobial isolate. Stem nodules were attached by a wide collar of aerenchymatous tissue at the base of the nodule. There were large air spaces in the stem where nodules were subtended and these were continuous with nodule aerenchyma/outer corte.x. In addition, aerenchyma and spongy tissue at the base of the nodule connected both flooded and non-flooded root nodules to large intercellular spaces in the root cortex. The stem and root nodules were ovoid in shape, and essentially aeschynomenoid in type, i.e. the central infected tissue was without uninfected, interstitial cells. Root nodules had a similar structure to stem nodules (although stem nodules were generally larger), and flooded root nodules were approximately twice the size of non-flooded nodules. The infected tissue of root and stem nodules consisted of spherical, bacteroid-containing cells containing one or two rod-shaped bacteroids per peribacteroid unit and prominent organelles. Infection threads were observed in root but not in stem nodules.The cortex of stem and root nodules had an apparent oxygen diffusion barrier, consisting of concentric layers of small cells with interlocking cell walls and few intercellular spaces. Cell layers external to these consisted of larger cells and intercellular spaces, with some spaces being occluded with an electron-dense material that contained a glycoprotein recognized by the monoclonal antibodies MAC236 and MAC265. The amount of glycoprotein occlusions did not appear to differ between nodule types or treatments, although stem nodules contained intracellular glycoprotein vesicles adjacent to cell walls. The exterior of the nodules consisted of an epidermis of thin flattened cells with occasional lenticels. Amyloplasts were common in lower stem and hypocotyl nodules, but fewer in flooded or non-flooded root nodules. Upper stem nodules (i.e. those within 6 cm of the water surface) differed from more profoundly submerged stem nodules by having chloroplasts throughout the cortex. Root nodules did not contain chloroplasts, and undifferentiated plastids were found mainly in lower stem nodules.

The postulated importance of mechanical power is that it provides a unifying concept combining the interaction of all the individual components of mechanical ventilation with the patient. Derived from the equation of motion, mechanical power calculates the energy delivered over time to the respiratory system by the ventilator [1]. Physiologically, mechanical power incorporates tidal volume, pressure, and additional parameters not included in driving pressure [2] . Previous studies demonstrated an association of power with mortality [3-5], but were primarily in non-ARDS populations [4], lacked consistent findings within all ARDS severities [3], or were unadjusted and descriptive of a single mechanical power threshold [5] . None assessed whether the association of mechanical power and mortality was independent from driving pressure.To assess the relative strength of association of mechanical power and driving pressure (ΔP) with mortality, we pooled patients from three randomized controlled trials of ARDS. Methods are detailed in the Online data supplement, but briefly, we reconstructed the adjusted Cox proportional hazards model from the Amato et al. driving pressure [2] study (Table E1 ) and examined the relationship between ΔP with mortality, mechanical power with mortality, and, after checking for correlation and multicollinearity, we combined both ΔP and mechanical power in the same model. We also visually examined the relationship of ΔP and mechanical power with mortality. We analyzed patients not making respiratory efforts, and did a sensitivity analysis on patients making respiratory efforts.We found that among 1294 patients without respiratory efforts ( Figure E1 , Table E2), ΔP was significantly associated, in adjusted analysis, with 60-day hospital mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 1.44 [95% CI 1.28, 1.62; p < 0.001]) (Table E2). Replacing ΔP with mechanical power, the HR was 1.39 (95% CI 1.28, 1.52; p < 0.001). Including both ΔP and mechanical power in the same model, each retained an independent significant relationship with mortality (ΔP: HR 1.2 [95% CI 1.03, 1.4; p = 0.018]; mechanical power: HR 1.26 [95% CI 1.11, 1.43; p < 0.001]) (Table E3) . Sensitivity analyses among patients making respiratory efforts were unchanged (Table E6 ). Increasing quintiles of mechanical power, stratified on comparable levels of ΔP, were significantly associated with mortality (HR 1.19 [95% CI 1.1, 1.3; p < 0.001]) (Fig. 1a) ; the converse was also true (HR 1.12 [95% CI 1.03, 1.22; p = 0.007]) (Fig. 1b) .That mechanical power retains a significant relationship with mortality, despite adjusting for driving pressure, may be because mechanical power relies on other components than driving pressure itself. Clinically modifiable parameters such as flow and respiratory rate could also have an effect on mortality in ARDS patients. Like ΔP, mechanical power is normalized to individual compliance, but additionally includes respiratory rate and flow to quantify and include repetitive and dynamic forces. Mechanical power thus captures an appliedThe University of Utah Mechanical Power Study Group collaborators names are listed in Acknowledgement section. energy in a way that driving pressure does not. It provides additional risk estimation beyond driving pressure alone. Our results suggest a need for prospective interventional trials to examine the clinical effect of a mechanical power reduction ventilation strategy compared to either a tidal volume or to a driving pressure managed strategy.The online version of this article (https ://doi.org/10.1007/s0013 4-020-06130 -2) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.

Antibodies and their derivatives are the most important agents in therapeutics and diagnostics. Even after the significant progress in the technology for antibody screening from huge libraries, it takes a long time to isolate an antibody, which prevents a prompt action against the spread of a disease. Here, we report a new strategy for isolating desired antibodies from a combinatorial library in one day by repeated fluorescence-activated cell sorting (FACS). First, we constructed a library of synthetic human antibody in which single-chain variable fragment (scFv) was expressed in the periplasm of Escherichia coli. After labeling the cells with fluorescent antigen probes, the highly fluorescent cells were sorted by using a high-speed cell sorter, and these cells were reused without regeneration in the next round of sorting. After repeating this sorting, the positive clones were completely enriched in several hours. Thus, we screened the library against three viral antigens, including the H1N1 influenza virus, Hepatitis B virus, and Foot-and-mouth disease virus. Finally, the potential antibody candidates, which show K D values between 10 and 100 nM against the target antigens, could be successfully isolated even though the library was relatively small (,10 6 ). These results show that repeated FACS screening without regeneration of the sorted cells can be a powerful method when a rapid response to a spreading disease is required.

The evolutionarily conserved human polymerase delta (POLD1) gene encodes the large p125 subunit which provides the essential catalytic activities of polymerase δ (Polδ), mediated by 5′-3′ DNA polymerase and 3′-5′ exonuclease moieties. POLD1 associates with three smaller subunits (POLD2, POLD3, POLD4), which together with Replication Factor C and Proliferating Nuclear Cell Antigen constitute the polymerase holoenzyme. Polδ function is essential for replication, with a primary role as the replicase for the lagging strand. Polδ also has an important proofreading ability conferred by the exonuclease activity, which is critical for ensuring replicative fidelity, but also serves to repair DNA lesions arising as a result of exposure to mutagens. Polδ has been shown to be important for multiple forms of DNA repair, including nucleotide excision repair, double strand break repair, base excision repair, and mismatch repair. A growing number of studies in the past decade have linked germline and sporadic mutations in POLD1 and the other subunits of Polδ with human pathologies. Mutations in Polδ in mice and humans lead to genomic instability, mutator phenotype and tumorigenesis. The advent of genome sequencing techniques has identified damaging mutations in the proofreading domain of POLD1 as the underlying cause of some inherited cancers, and suggested that mutations in POLD1 may influence therapeutic management. In addition, mutations in POLD1 have been identified in the developmental disorders of mandibular hypoplasia, deafness, progeroid features and lipodystrophy and atypical Werner syndrome, while changes in expression or activity of POLD1 have been linked to senescence and aging. Intriguingly, some recent evidence suggests that POLD1 function may also be altered in diabetes. We provide an overview of critical Polδ activities in the context of these pathologic conditions.

Background: Equine coronavirus (ECoV) is associated with clinical disease in adult horses. Outbreaks are associated with a low case fatality rate and a small number of animals with signs of encephalopathic disease are described.Objectives: The aim of this study is to describe the epidemiological and clinical features of two outbreaks of ECoV infection that were associated with an high case fatality rate.Animals: 14 miniature horses and 1 miniature donkey testing fecal positive for ECoV from two related disease outbreaks.Methods: Retrospective study describing the epidemiological findings, clinicopathological findings, and fecal viral load from affected horses.Results: In EcoV positive horses, 27% (4/15) of the animals died or were euthanized. Severe hyperammonemia (677 lmol/L, reference range ≤60 lmol/L) was identified in one animal with signs of encephalopathic disease that subsequently died. Fecal viral load (ECoV genome equivalents per gram of feces) was significantly higher in the nonsurvivors compared to animals that survived (P = .02).Conclusions and Clinical Importance: Equine coronavirus had a higher case fatality rate in this group of miniature horses than previously reported in other outbreaks of varying breeds. Hyperammonemia could contribute to signs of encephalopathic disease, and the fecal viral load might be of prognostic value in affected horses.

Feline splenocytes were fused to the murine myeloma lines NSO or Ag8. Autologous serum and taurine were used as media supplements for the cat × mouse heterohybridomas. The best results were obtained by the use of NSO as fusion line with taurine-supported media.Rrsumr----Des cellules splrniques de chat ont 6t6 fusionnres avec des cellules de myrlome de souris NSO ou Ag8. Du serum autologue et de la taurine ont 6t6 utilisrs pour supplrmenter le milieu de croissance pour les hrtrrohybrides chat × souris. Les meilleurs rrsultats ont 6t6 obtenus en fusionnant des cellules NSO avec dans milieu supplrment6 avec de la taurine.

Bovine Respiratory Disease is the most costly disease that affects beef and dairy cattle industry. Its etiology is multifactorial, arising from predisposing environmental stress conditions as well as the action of several different respiratory pathogens. This situation has hindered the development of effective control strategies. Although different type of vaccines are available, many currently marketed vaccines are based on inactivated cultures of the main viral and bacterial agents involved in this pathology. The molecular composition of commercial veterinary vaccines is a critical issue. The present work aims to define at the proteomic level the most relevant valence of a line of commercial respiratory vaccines widely used in Central and South America. Since Mannheimia haemolytica is responsible for most of the disease associated morbid-mortality, we focused on the main proteins secreted by this pathogen, in particular Leukotoxin A, its main virulence factor. By Western blot analysis and mass spectrometry, Leukotoxin A was identified as a major component of (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/). M. haemolytica culture supernatants. We also identified other ten M. haemolytica proteins, including outer membrane proteins, periplasmic transmembrane solute transporters and iron binding proteins, which are relevant to achieve protective immunity against the pathogen. This work allowed a detailed molecular characterization of this vaccine component, providing evidence of its quality and efficacy. Furthermore, our results contributed to the identification of several proteins of interest as subunit vaccine candidates.

Pathogen surveillance in free-ranging carnivores presents challenges due to their low densitie and secretive nature. We combined molecular and serological assays to investigate infections by viral pathogens (Canine parvovirus (CPV), Canine distemper virus (CDV) and Canine coronavirus (CCoV)) in Portuguese carnivores (Canis lupus, Vulpes vulpes, Lutra lutra, Martes foina, M. martes, Meles meles, and Genetta genetta) over a period of 16 years. Additionally we explored spatio-temporal patterns of virus occurrence in Canis lupus. Our study identified CPV DNA in all carnivore species with an overall prevalence of 91.9 %. CPV was detected in all sampled years and seasons in Canis lupus, supporting its enzootic nature. CDV RNA was mainly detected in the Canidae family, with viral nucleic acid recorded between 2005 and 2008 with a peak prevalence of 67 % among the wolf population, followed by a sharp decline, suggesting an epizootic behaviour of the virus. Antibodies show that mustelids and viverrids were often exposed to CDV. CCoV was first recorded by molecular methods in wolf samples in 2002, remaining in the wolf populations with marked fluctuations over time. The dual serological and molecular approach provided important epidemiological data on pathogens of wild carnivores in Portugal. These programmes should also include monitoring of other potential reservoir hosts such as domestic cats and dogs.

All rights reserved. No reuse allowed without permission. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.

Motivated by the apparent societal need to design complex autonomous systems whose decisions and actions are humanly intelligible, the study of explainable artificial intelligence, and with it, research on explainable autonomous agents has gained increased attention from the research community. One important objective of research on explainable agents is the evaluation of explanation approaches in humancomputer interaction studies. In this demonstration paper, we present a way to facilitate such studies by implementing explainable agents and multi-agent systems that i) can be deployed as static files, not requiring the execution of server-side code, which minimizes administration and operation overhead, and ii) can be embedded into web front ends and other JavaScript-enabled user interfaces, hence increasing the ability to reach a broad range of users. We then demonstrate the approach with the help of an application that was designed to assess the effect of different explainability approaches on the human intelligibility of an unmanned aerial vehicle simulation.

The report by Gaussen et al details the association between SKP2 and autophagy and how these pathways effect MERS-CoV replication. In this report, comprised of 2 large connected sets of data, SKP2 and its association with BECN1 is examined for their roles in regulating autophagy. The authors identify how SKP2 effects BECN1 levels via ubiquitination and how inhibition of SKP2 by either siRNA or inhibitory compounds effect BECN1 and autophagy. The report then presents data on the role of autophagy and MERS-CoV where live virus and individual MERS-CoV proteins are shown to effect autophagy flux. The large amount of data is technically impressive however significant questions arose on this review.

Introduction: Patient-centered care, particularly shared medical decision making, is difficult to measure in critically ill patients where decisions are often made by a designated surrogate, often receiving information from multiple providers with varying degrees of training. The purpose of this study was to compare short-term satisfaction with care and decision making in patients or surrogates between two neurocritical care units [one staffed by a neurocritical care attending and advanced practice providers (APPs) and one staffed by a neurocritical care attending and resident/fellow trainees] using the Family Satisfaction in the ICU (FS-ICU) survey.Methods: Over a 6-month period, the FS-ICU was administered on a tablet device to patients or surrogates at least 24 h after admission and stored on REDCap database.One hundred and thirty-four patients or surrogates completed the FS-ICU. The response rates were 59.97% and 46.58% in the APP and trainee units, respectively. There were no differences in patient age, sex, ventilator days or ICU length of stay. Overall, there were no differences in satisfaction with care or perceived shared medical making between the units. Respondents who identified their relationship with the patient as "other" (not a spouse, parent, nor a sibling) were less satisfied with care. Additionally, surrogates who identified as parents of the patient were more satisfied with degree of shared medical decision making.This study showed that: (1) collecting FS-ICU in a neurocritical care unit is feasible, (2) overall there is no difference in short-term satisfaction with care or shared decision making between a NICU staffed with trainees compared to one staffed with APPs, and (3) parents of patients have a higher short-term satisfaction with degree of shared medical decision making.

Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) causes life-threatening necrotizing pneumonia in children. Sporadic incidence precludes evaluation of antimicrobial efficacy. We assessed the clinical characteristics and outcomes of critically ill children with influenza-MRSA pneumonia and evaluated antibiotic use.Methods. We enrolled children (<18 years) with influenza infection and respiratory failure across 34 pediatric intensive care units 11/2008-5/2016. We compared baseline characteristics, clinical courses, and therapies in children with MRSA coinfection, non-MRSA bacterial coinfection, and no bacterial coinfection.Results. We enrolled 170 children (127 influenza A, 43 influenza B). Children with influenza-MRSA pneumonia (N = 30, 87% previously healthy) were older than those with non-MRSA (N = 61) or no (N = 79) bacterial coinfections. Influenza-MRSA was associated with increased leukopenia, acute lung injury, vasopressor use, extracorporeal life support, and mortality than either group (P ≤ .0001). Influenza-related mortality was 40% with MRSA compared to 4.3% without (relative risk [RR], 9.3; 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.8-22.9). Of 29/30 children with MRSA who received vancomycin within the first 24 hours of hospitalization, mortality was 12.5% (N = 2/16) if treatment also included a second anti-MRSA antibiotic compared to 69.2% (N = 9/13) with vancomycin monotherapy (RR, 5.5; 95% CI, 1.4, 21.3; P = .003). Vancomycin dosing did not influence initial trough levels; 78% were <10 µg/mL.Conclusions. Influenza-MRSA coinfection is associated with high fatality in critically ill children. These data support early addition of a second anti-MRSA antibiotic to vancomycin in suspected severe cases.

Background: Various transcription factors are involved in the process of mutually exclusive expression and clonal variation of the Plasmodium multigene (var) family. Recent studies revealed that a P. falciparum SWI/SNF-related matrix-associated actin-dependent regulator of chromatin (PfSWIB) might trigger stage-specific programmed cell death (PCD), and was not only crucial for the survival and development of parasite, but also had profound effects on the parasite by interacting with other unknown proteins. However, it remains unclear whether PfSIWB is involved in transcriptional regulation of this virulence gene and its functional properties.Methods: A conditional knockdown system "PfSWIB-FKBP-LID" was introduced to the parasite clone 3D7, and an integrated parasite line "PfSWIB-HA-FKBP-LID" was obtained by drug cycling and clone screening. Growth curve analysis (GCA) was performed to investigate the growth and development of different parasite lines during 96 h in vitro culturing, by assessing parasitemia. Finally, we performed qPCR assays to detect var gene expression profiling in various comparison groups, as well as the mutually exclusive expression pattern of the var genes within a single 48 h life-cycle of P. falciparum in different parasite lines. In addition, RNA-seq was applied to analyze the var gene expression in different lines.Results: GCA revealed that conditional knockdown of PfSWIB could interfere with the growth and development of P. falciparum. The parasitemia of PfSWIB∆ showed a significant decline at 96 h during in vitro culture compared with the PfSWIB and 3D7 lines (P < 0.0001). qPCR and RNA-seq analysis confirmed that depletion of PfSWIB not only silences upsA, upsC and partial upsB var genes, as well as removes the silencing of partial upsB var genes at the ring stage in PfSWIB∆ line, but also leads to aberrant expression of upsA and partial upsB/upsC var genes at the mature stage of P. falciparum, during a single 48-h life-cycle.We demonstrated that PfSWIB was involved in the process of clonal variation in var gene expression, and crucial for the survival and development of Plasmodium parasite. These findings could provide better understanding of the mechanism and function of PfSWIB contributing to the pathogenesis in malaria parasites.

A c c e p t e d M a n u s c r i p t 2 Summary): A unique COVID-19 line-list database comprising 1,407 transmission pairs that formed 643 clusters in mainland China outside Hubei province was reconstructed to estimate super-spreading events, serial intervals, and hazard of infection for household versus non-household settings.A c c e p t e d M a n u s c r i p t 3 Abstract Background. Knowledge on the epidemiological features and transmission patterns of COVID-19 is accumulating. Detailed line-list data with household settings can advance the understanding of COVID-19 transmission dynamics. Methods. A unique database with detailed demographic characteristics, travel history, social relationships, and epidemiological timelines for 1,407 transmission pairs that formed 643 transmission clusters in mainland China was reconstructed from 9,120 COVID-19 confirmed cases reported during January 15 -February 29, 2020. Statistical model fittings were used to identify the super-spreaders and estimate serial interval distributions. Age and gender-stratified hazard of infection were estimated for household versus non-household transmissions.Results. There were 34 primary cases identified as super-spreaders, with 5 super-spreading events occurred within households. Mean and standard deviation of serial intervals were estimated as 5.0 (95% CrI: 4.4, 5.5) and 5.2 (95% CrI: 4.9, 5.7) days for household transmissions and 5.2 (95% CrI: 4.6, 5.8) and 5.3 (95% CrI: 4.9, 5.7) days for non-household transmissions, respectively. Hazard of being infected outside of households is higher for age between 18 and 64 years, whereas hazard of being infected within households is higher for young and old people.Conclusions. Non-negligible frequency of super-spreading events, short serial intervals, and a higher risk of being infected outside of households for male people of working age indicate a significant barrier to the identification and management of COVID-19 cases, which requires enhanced non-pharmaceutical interventions to mitigate this pandemic.

publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active.Inflammatory Type 2 cDCs Acquire Features of cDC1s and Macrophages to Orchestrate Immunity to Respiratory Virus Infection Graphical Abstract Highlights d Type I interferon drives differentiation of inf-cDC2s that closely resemble MCs d Inf-cDC2s prime CD4 + and CD8 + T cells, whereas MCs lack APC function d Inf-cDC2s internalize antibody-complexed antigen via Fc receptors d IRF8 controls maturation gene module in inf-cDC2s SUMMARYThe phenotypic and functional dichotomy between IRF8 + type 1 and IRF4 + type 2 conventional dendritic cells (cDC1s and cDC2s, respectively) is well accepted; it is unknown how robust this dichotomy is under inflammatory conditions, when additionally monocyte-derived cells (MCs) become competent antigen-presenting cells (APCs). Using single-cell technologies in models of respiratory viral infection, we found that lung cDC2s acquired expression of the Fc receptor CD64 shared with MCs and of IRF8 shared with cDC1s. These inflammatory cDC2s (inf-cDC2s) were superior in inducing CD4 + T helper (Th) cell polarization while simultaneously presenting antigen to CD8 + T cells. When carefully separated from inf-cDC2s, MCs lacked APC function. Inf-cDC2s matured in response to cell-intrinsic Toll-like receptor and type 1 interferon receptor signaling, upregulated an IRF8-dependent maturation module, and acquired antigens via convalescent serum and Fc receptors. Because hybrid inf-cDC2s are easily confused with monocyte-derived cells, their existence could explain why APC functions have been attributed to MCs.

Hepatic complications of hepatitis C virus (HCV), including fibrosis and cirrhosis are accelerated in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected individuals. Although, liver biopsy remains the gold standard for staging HCV-associated liver disease, this test can result in serious complications and is subject to sampling errors. These challenges have prompted a search for non-invasive methods for liver fibrosis staging. To this end, we compared serum proteome profiles at different stages of fibrosis in HIV/HCV co-and HCV mono-infected patients using surface-enhanced laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (SELDI-TOF MS).Sera from 83 HIV/HCV co-and 68 HCV mono-infected subjects in 4 stages of fibrosis were tested. Sera were fractionated, randomly applied to protein chip arrays (IMAC, CM10 and H50) and spectra were generated at low and high laser intensities.Sixteen biomarkers achieved a p value < 0.01 (ROC values > 0.75 or < 0.25) predictive of fibrosis status in co-infected individuals and 14 in mono infected subjects. Five of these candidate biomarkers contributed to both mono-and co-infected subjects. Candidate diagnostic algorithms were created to distinguish between non-fibrotic and fibrotic individuals using a panel of 4 biomarker peaks.

Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is associated with immunogenetic factors. This study was planned to test for the association of TNF-α − 308 and IFN-γ +874 gene polymorphisms with susceptibility and severity of SLE in Egyptian cases. Subjects and methods: This is a case controlled study including 125 Egyptian cases with SLE in addition to 112 healthy unrelated individuals from the same locality. For all participants, TNF-α − 308 G NA and IFN-γ + 874 ANT genetic polymorphisms were characterized using the PCR technique. Results: Cases with SLE showed a significantly higher TNF-α −308 A allele carriage rate (AA + GA genotypes) compared to controls (26.4% vs. 12.5%, p = 0.009, OR = 2.51, 95% CI = 1.26-4.99). These cases showed also a significantly higher carriage rate for the IFN-γ +874 T allele (AT + TT genotypes) compared to controls (47.2% vs. 32.1%, p = 0.02, OR = 1.89, 95% CI = 1.11-3.21). Comparing age, gender, and disease severity presented by nephritis class, activity and chronicity indices in cases carrying the TNF-α −308 A allele and in cases carrying IFN-γ +874 T allele versus others showed no significant difference (p N 0.05). Conclusions: TNF-α −308 A and IFN-γ +874 T allele carriage are associated with susceptibility but not severity of SLE in Egyptian subjects.

From the great number of pathogenic and conventionally pathogenic for human beings microorganisms, only some of them can be used for terroristic purposes, since they should meet a lot of the relevant properties. Today priority is given to those biological agents, which have undergone successful tests, and are characterized by high index of morbidity, pathogenicity, low lethal doses, high contagiousness with short incubation period, and which result in high social and economic costs.

The 2009 influenza A(H1N1) pandemic prompted the World Health Organization (WHO) to recommend countries to establish a national severe acute respiratory infections (SARI) surveillance system for preparedness and emergency response. However, setting up or maintaining a robust SARI surveillance system has been challenging. Similar to other countries, surveillance data on hospitalisations for SARI in the Netherlands are still limited, in contrast to the robust surveillance data in primary care.The objective of this narrative review is to provide an overview, evaluation, and challenges of already available surveillance systems or datasets in the Netherlands, which might be used for near real-time surveillance of severe respiratory infections.Seven available surveillance systems or datasets in the Netherlands were reviewed. The evaluation criteria, including data quality, timeliness, representativeness, simplicity, flexibility, acceptability and stability were based on United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) guidelines for public health surveillance. We added sustainability as additional evaluation criterion.The best evaluated surveillance system or dataset currently available for SARI surveillance is crude mortality monitoring, although it lacks specificity. In contrast to influenza-like illness (ILI) in primary care, there is currently no gold standard for SARI surveillance in the Netherlands.Based on our experience with sentinel SARI surveillance, a fully or semi-automated, passive surveillance system seems most suited for a sustainable SARI surveillance system. An important future challenge remains integrating SARI surveillance into existing hospital programs in order to make surveillance data valuable for public health, as well as hospital quality of care management and individual patient care.Available from:

The 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) was detected in the self-collected saliva of 91.7% (11/12) of patients. Serial saliva viral load monitoring generally showed a declining trend. Live virus was detected in saliva by viral culture. Saliva is a promising noninvasive specimen for diagnosis, monitoring, and infection control in patients with 2019-nCoV infection.

In this issue of Clinical Infectious Diseases, Byington et al report on findings from the BIG-LoVE (Better Identification of Germs Longitudinal Viral Epidemiology) study [1] . Based on serial molecular testing for respiratory viruses carried out on a defined population, BIG-LoVE provides a wealth of information about the relationship between respiratory symptoms and respiratory viral infection. The study stands squarely in the tradition of the historic community-based studies of viral respiratory infection, including the Cleveland Family study [2] , the Tecumseh study [3] , and the New York and Seattle Virus Watches [4, 5] . Those studies, which were based on viral culture and/or serology, established our current conceptual framework for the community epidemiology of viral respiratory tract infection. BIG-LoVE is one of a new generation of communitybased studies [6] that "flesh out" that framework by using molecular methods that are more sensitive than previous methods. BIG-LoVE resembles the classic studies by being community based, with specimens obtained from study participants on a regular basis, regardless of the presence or absence of symptoms, but the study stands out by virtue of the intensity of virologic and clinical surveillance undertaken. A total of 108 individuals in 26 households from the University of Utah campus community provided symptom diaries and self-collected anterior nasal swab samples weekly for 52 consecutive weeks. Diaries also included information on absence from work or school and on medical visits. To the credit of the investigative team, diaries and specimens were available for analysis from 77% of episodes. Each week was characterized with regard to occurrence of illness based on the symptom diary and presence or absence of respiratory viruses as measured by the molecular test. Illness episodes were defined as continuous periods of presence of symptoms, and virus episodes were defined as continuous periods of detection of the same virus.While the study has the significant strengths described above, it also has limitations. The numbers of households and participants were relatively small. In addition, the study was confined to a single community during a single year. With participants being recruited from a university community, the study population was probably more educated and from a higher socioeconomic stratum than the general US population. The molecular test was a developmental version of the FilmArray Respiratory Panel multiplex respiratory panel [7] , and the performance characteristics of this test version were not provided. Each of these factors suggests caution in generalizing the results of the findings. Furthermore, molecular detection of viral nucleic acid is not conclusive proof of active infection. With these caveats in mind, the study nevertheless provides highly useful information. Molecular detection is rapidly becoming the major method used for detection of respiratory viruses in clinical settings, and BIG-LoVE provides data that will help clinicians interpret the results of current molecular assays.Like previous studies [6, 8] , BIG-LoVE documents the impressive frequency of respiratory symptoms and infection with respiratory viruses that are present in the community at any given time. Respiratory symptoms were present in 38% of personweeks for children aged <5 years and 20% of person-weeks for older children and adults. Participants experienced a mean of 5 respiratory illness episodes per year, with more in children aged <5 years. Sixty percent of respiratory illness episodes were associated with detection of 1 or more viruses. Interestingly, virus-positive

publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active.Food and Feed Safety Systems and Analysis. http://dx.

Candida is the most common fungal pathogen of humans worldwide and has become a major clinical problem because of the growing number of immunocompromised patients, who are susceptible to infection. Moreover, the number of available antifungals is limited, and antifungal-resistant Candida strains are emerging. New and effective antifungals are therefore urgently needed. Here, we discovered a small molecule with activity against Candida spp. both in vitro and in vivo. We screened a library of 50,240 small molecules for inhibitors of yeast-to-hypha transition, a major virulence attribute of Candida albicans. This screening identified 20 active compounds. Further examination of the in vitro antifungal and antibiofilm properties of these compounds, using a range of Candida spp., led to the discovery of SM21, a highly potent antifungal molecule (minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) 0.2 -1.6 mg/ml). In vitro, SM21 was toxic to fungi but not to various human cell lines or bacterial species and was active against Candida isolates that are resistant to existing antifungal agents. Moreover, SM21 was relatively more effective against biofilms of Candida spp. than the current antifungal agents. In vivo, SM21 prevented the death of mice in a systemic candidiasis model and was also more effective than the common antifungal nystatin at reducing the extent of tongue lesions in a mouse model of oral candidiasis. Propidium iodide uptake assay showed that SM21 affected the integrity of the cell membrane. Taken together, our results indicate that SM21 has the potential to be developed as a novel antifungal agent for clinical use.

